Add Ambient tracing section (#856)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/ambient.md

When you click on an edge, the summary panel will display the waypoint proxy as the destination workload. However, you can also view the waypoint as the source by clicking on the double arrow icon located to the left of the "From/To" labels in the summary panel.

![bidirectional edges](/images/documentation/features/ambient/double-edges.png)

#### Ambient Tracing

Ambient traces are emitted from the waypoint proxies. The traces involving a workload can be found looking for the waypoint service name. 

> In order to correlate the waypoint traces from a specific workload, app or service, Kiali looks for traces of the waypoint proxy that the workload is enrolled, and then, it filters the traces related to the application using the operation name from the span. 

Reviewer: The statement is too long. I think it is better to split in two.
```suggestion
In order to correlate the waypoint traces from a specific workload, app or service, Kiali looks for traces of the waypoint proxy in which the workload is enrolled. It then filters the traces related to the application using the operation name from the span. 
```

![ambient traces](/images/documentation/features/ambient/ambient-traces.png)

> The same is used to show the spans in the workload logs: 

Reviewer: Little suggestion that sounds better for me.
```suggestion
The same approach is used to show the spans in the workload logs: 
```

![ambient span logs](/images/documentation/features/ambient/ambient-span-logs.png)

> And the inbound and outbound metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also for the inbound and outbound metrics:
```

![ambient spans](/images/documentation/features/ambient/ambient-spans.png)

> As the workload name is not part the trace information, there are some gaps in the trace overlay. Also, for the workload view, there might be traces that are not part of a particular workload, but they are shown because they match the service name of the workload. 

Reviewer: Small typo
```suggestion
As the workload name is not part of the trace information, there are some gaps in the trace overlay. Also, for the workload view, there might be traces that are not part of a particular workload, but they are shown because they match the service name of the workload. 
```
